.TH "UNHIDE-POSIX" "8" "January 2020" "Administration commands"
.SH "NAME"
unhide-posix \(em forensic tool to find hidden processes
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBunhide\-posix\fR \fIproc | sys\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBunhide\fR is a forensic tool to find processes hidden by
rootkits, Linux kernel modules or by other techniques.  It
detects hidden processes using six techniques.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The checks to do consist of one or more of the following tests.
.br
The standard tests are the aggregation of one or more elementary test(s).
.PP
\fBStandard tests :\fR
.PP
The \fIproc\fR technique consists of comparing /proc with the
output of /bin/ps.
.PP
The \fIsys\fR technique consists of comparing information
gathered from /bin/ps with information gathered from system
calls.
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if OK,
.TP
1
if a hidden or fake thread is found.
.PP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
proc test:
unhide-posix proc
.TP
sys test:
unhide-posix sys
.SH "BUGS"
.PP
Report \fBunhide\fR bugs on https://github.com/YJesus/Unhide
.br
via email dreg@fr33project.org - yjesus@security-projects.com
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
unhide-tcp(8), unhide-gids(8), unhide(8), unhide-posix(8)
.SH "AUTHOR"
First version manual page was written by Francois Marier francois@debian.org and Patrick Gouin. 
.br
The current version was written by David Reguera Garcia aka Dreg.
.br
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH LICENSE
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
