.TH "UNHIDE" "8" "January 2020" "Administration commands"
.SH "NAME"
unhide-linux \(em forensic tool to find hidden processes
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBunhide\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBunhide\fR is a forensic tool to find processes hidden by
rootkits, Linux kernel modules or by other techniques.  It
detects hidden processes using some techniques.
.PP
if unhide process crash you can have a rootkit in the system with some bugs
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--altsysinfo\fR 
use alternate sysinfo test in meta-test
.TP
\fB-l, --logfile\fR 
log result into unhide-linux.log file
.TP
\fB--morecheck\fR 
more checks, available only with procfs, checkopendir & checkchdir commands
.TP
\fB-v, --verbose\fR 
verbose
.TP
\fB--brute\fR 
bruteforce the all process IDs
.TP
\fB--brutedoublecheck\fR 
bruteforce the all process IDs with double check
.TP
\fB--low\fR 
assembly direct calls vs API calls, this option only works in dynamic form, use unhide-linux-dyn
.TP
\fB--proc\fR 
compare /proc with the output of /bin/ps.
.TP
\fB--procall\fR 
combinates --proc and --procfs
.TP
\fB--procfs\fR 
compare information gathered from /bin/ps with information gathered by walking in the procfs. With --morecheck option, this test makes more checks
.TP
\fB--quick\fR 
combines the --proc, --procfs and --sys in a quick way. It's about 20 times faster but may give more false positives
.TP
\fB--reverse\fR 
Verify that all threads seen by ps are also seen in procfs and by system calls
.TP
\fB--sys\fR 
compare information gathered from /bin/ps with information gathered from system calls
.TP
\fB-?, --help\fR 
Give this help list
.TP
\fB--usage\fR 
Give a short usage message
.TP
\fB-V, --version\fR 
Print program version
.PP
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if OK,
.TP
1
if a hidden or fake thread is found.
.PP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
Quicker:
unhide --quick
.TP
Quick:
unhide --quick --reverse
.TP
Standard:
unhide --sys --proc
.TP
Deeper:
unhide --sys --procall --brute --reverse --morecheck --brutedoublecheck
.TP
Low level checks, use dyn compile (NO --static):
unhide-linux-dyn --low
.SH "BUGS"
.PP
Report \fBunhide\fR bugs on https://github.com/YJesus/Unhide
.br
via email dreg@fr33project.org - yjesus@security-projects.com
.br
With recent versions of Linux kernel (> 2.6.33), the sysinfo test may report false positives.
It may be due to optimization in the scheduler, the use of cgroup or even the use of systemd.
The use of the PREEMPT-RT patch amplifies the occurence of the problem.
This is currently under investigation.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
unhide-tcp(8), unhide-gids(8), unhide(8), unhide-posix(8)
.SH "AUTHOR"
First version manual page was written by Francois Marier francois@debian.org and Patrick Gouin. 
.br
The current version was written by David Reguera Garcia aka Dreg.
.br
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH LICENSE
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
