.TH "UNHIDE-GIDS" "8" "January 2020" "Administration commands"
.SH "NAME"
unhide-gids \(em forensic tool to find hidden processes
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBunhide-gids\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBunhide-gids\fR is a forensic tool to find processes/files hidden by
rootkits, Linux kernel modules or by other techniques.  It
detects hidden processes/files using some techniques.
.PP
A lot of rootkits uses a MAGIC GID (a random GID generated) to hide processes and files. 
This tool find rootkits bruteforcing all GIDs possible in the system.
.PP
unhide-gids should be your last option. it can take many hours/days. but this is the only 
one that does not need a hidden process running to detect a rootkit.
.PP
if unhide process crash you can have a rootkit in the system with some bugs
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--files-gids-readdir\fR 
bruteforce files GIDs via readdir, very slow
.TP
\fB--files-gids-stat\fR 
bruteforce files GIDs via stat
.TP
\fB-l, --logfile\fR 
log result into unhide-gids.log file
.TP
\fB-max-gid[=COUNT]\fR 
max GID
.TP
\fB-min-gid[=COUNT]\fR 
min GID
.TP
\fB--processes-gids-jail\fR 
bruteforce processes GIDs and detected setgid jail
.TP
\fB--processes-gids-readdir\fR 
bruteforce processes GIDs via readdir, very slow
.TP
\fB--processes-gids-stat\fR 
bruteforce processes GIDs via stat
.TP
\fB-v, --verbose\fR 
verbose
.TP
\fB-?, --help\fR 
Give this help list
.TP
\fB--usage\fR 
Give a short usage message
.TP
\fB-V, --version\fR 
Print program version
.PP
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
if OK,
.TP
1
if a hidden is found.
.PP
.TP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
Processes:
unhide-gids --processes-gids-jail --processes-gids-stat
.TP
Processes very slow:
unhide-gids --processes-gids-readdir --processes-gids-jail --processes-gids-stat
.TP
Files:
unhide-gids --files-gids-stat
.TP
Files very slow:
unhide-gids --files-gids-readdir --files-gids-stat
.SH "BUGS"
.PP
Report \fBunhide\fR bugs on https://github.com/YJesus/Unhide
.br
via email dreg@fr33project.org - yjesus@security-projects.com
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
unhide-tcp(8), unhide-gids(8), unhide(8), unhide-posix(8)
.SH "AUTHOR"
The current version was written by David Reguera Garcia aka Dreg.
.br
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH LICENSE
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
